docs(icons.md): update nonsensical language (#13890)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/icons.md

### Semantic SVG Icons

> Apply accessibility attributes to the [v-icon](/components/icons/), such as `role="img"`, to the component to give it a semantic meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply accessibility attributes to the [v-icon](/components/icons/) component, such as `role="img"`, to give it a semantic meaning.
```

> If your icon has semantic meaning, all you need to do is throw an attribute.The attribute and the element are added so that your icons are properly accessible.`role="img"<v-icon>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply accessibility attributes to the [v-icon](/components/icons/), such as `role="img"`, to the component to give it a semantic meaning.
```
